// Doctor
GENETICIST
MUTAGENIC TRANSFORMATION
Geneticist Pursuit: 6th level
When you target yourself with your Critical Analysis feature, you can choose to undergo a mutagenic transformation. Your form shifts, exaggerating and strengthening your geneticist discoveries for 1 hour. You gain the following benefits:

You can attack twice, instead of once, whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.
Your Strength score becomes equal to your Critical Analysis score.
You gain a bonus to your AC equal to half your Critical Analysis modifier (minimum of +1) if it doesn’t already include that modifier.
You can end this effect early on your turn as a bonus action. This effect ends early if you are incapacitated or die. You can use this feature twice. You regain all expended uses of it when you finish a long rest.

GENETICIST’S RESILIENCE
Geneticist Pursuit: 9th level
Your genetic alterations make you immune to poison and disease. Additionally, you have resistance to poison damage.

CHIMERIC ADAPTATION
Geneticist Pursuit: 17th level
Your genetic modifications have reached new heights. When you complete a short or long rest, you can choose one of the following features. When you undergo your mutagenic transformation, you also gain the benefits of the chosen feature for the duration. You can only have one of these features at a time.

ASPECT OF THE TERENTATEK
You gain proficiency in Wisdom and Charisma saving throws. Additionally, you have advantage on saving throws against force powers, and when a creature within 30 feet of you casts a force power, you can use your reaction to move up to half your speed towards the creature. You must end this movement closer to the creature than you started. If you end this movement within 5 feet of the creature, you can make one melee attack against the creature (no action required).

ASPECT OF THE RANCOR
You gain proficiency in Strength and Constitution saving throws. Additionally, you gain immunity to the frightened condition,
and when you deal damage with a weapon or unarmed strike, you can deal an additional 1d8 damage of the same type as the weapon’s damage.

ASPECT OF THE VARACTYL
You gain proficiency in Dexterity and Intelligence saving throws. Additionally, your speed increases by 10 feet, your attack rolls can’t suffer from disadvantage, creatures can’t have advantage on attack rolls against you, and each slowed level only reduces your speed by 5 feet, unless it would reduce your speed to 0.

